# SPEAKEDI INC. PRIVACY POLICY
Welcome to SpeakEdi, the website (hereafter the “Site”) of SpeakEdi Inc. (hereafter “SpeakEdi”, “we”, “us” and/or “our”). This Site is operated by NPX Teraark and has been created to provide information about our company and our online services (ArkEdison) providing foreign language tutoring for Korean learners worldwide and related services (together with the Site, hereafter “the Services”) to our Service visitors (hereafter “you”, “your”, “the student”).
This Privacy Policy sets forth SpeakEdi policy with respect to information, including personally identifiable data about you or the student (hereafter “Personal Data”) and other information that is collected from visitors to the Site and Services. By using our Service, you consent to the data practices prescribed in this statement below.

## OUR POLICY
When you interact with us through the Services, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below:
Personal Data That You Provide through the Services: We collect Personal Data from you about you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys, register for access to the Services or use certain Services. Wherever SpeakEdi collects Personal Data we make an effort to provide a link to this Privacy Policy.
By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You acknowledge and agree that if you are providing Personal Data about a minor using the Services, you have all rights necessary to do so. If you provide Personal Data to the Services, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to the offices and servers of SpeakEdi and the authorized third parties referred to herein.
You can visit the Site without providing any Personal Data. If you choose not to provide any Personal Data, you may not be able to use certain Services.

## NON-IDENTIFIABLE DATA
When you interact with SpeakEdi through the Services, we receive and store certain non-identifiable information. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. SpeakEdi may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by SpeakEdi affiliates, agents or service providers. The Services may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, and the domain names of our visitors’ Internet service providers. It is important to note that no Personal Data is available or used in this process.

## AGGREGATED PERSONAL DATA
In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Services, SpeakEdi often conducts research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and SpeakEdi may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. SpeakEdi may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our Services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.

## TRACKING USERS' USE OF SEPAKEDI
We may allow third party service providers to use cookies or similar technologies to collect information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites following your use of the Services. These services use cookies and Javascript to track number of visits, links users click on, sections users read, and analyze how users use the Site, allowing us to enhance your experience when you use the Service.
For more information on how these services use this data here are some of the services we may use: Google: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
 
## COOKIES
In operating the Services, we may use a technology called “cookies.” A cookie is a piece of information that the computer that hosts our Services gives to your browser when you access the Services. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Services and help us analyze Services usage more accurately. For instance, our Site may set a cookie on your browser that allows you to access the Services without needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit to the Site. In all cases in which we use cookies, we will not collect Personal Data except with your permission. On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the Service features.

## OUR USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND OTHER INFORMATION
SpeakEdi uses the Personal Data you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in connection with the reason for which it was provided.
For instance, if you contact us by email, we will use the Personal Data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. Also, if you provide Personal Data in order to obtain access to the Services, we will use your Personal Data to provide you with access to such services and to monitor your use of such services. We may also use Personal Data to allow you to book and pay for tutoring sessions, catalog information about the student’s progress, send you reminders or alerts about upcoming sessions or to notify and thank an individual or school that referred you to the Service that you have signed up.
If SpeakEdi intends on using any Personal Data in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the Personal Data is collected. Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information: SpeakEdi is not in the business of selling your information. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. Further, we will never share your address, email address, phone number, or payment information with any third party. Without limiting the foregoing, there are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below:

## TUTORS
SpeakEdi will share certain information with our tutors and tutor managers as necessary to provide you the Services and improve upon your experience. This information includes, but may not be limited to, your name, age, school and grade, city and state, language level and interests, content discussed in tutoring session, word list and account activity, feedback or reviews, as well as any comments or notes from previous tutors. All of our tutors are bound by confidentiality obligations and are prohibited from using such information outside of providing the Services to you.

## BUSINESS TRANSFERS
As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets.

## RELATED COMPANIES
We may also share your Personal Data with our Related Companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.

## AGENTS, CONSULTANTS AND RELATED THIRD PARTIES
SpeakEdi, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments. When we employ another entity to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function.

## LEGAL REQUIREMENTS
SpekaEdi may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of SpeakEdi, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.

## LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by SpeakEdi (hereafter “Third Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from the Services do not imply that SpeakEdi endorses or has reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.

## SECURITY
SpeakEdi takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Services from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, email sent to or from the Services may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to SpeakEdi via the Internet.

## OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Your access to and use of the Services is subject to the Terms of Service at 
https://arkedison.com/main

## CHANGES TO SPEAKEDI PRIVACY POLICY
The Services and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for SpeakEdi to make changes to this Privacy Policy. SpeakEdi reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.

## MODIFYING PERSONAL DATA
To keep your Personal Data accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Data in our possession that you have previously submitted via the Services. You may also update these information directly on your Dashboard Profile. Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about SpeakEdi Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Services. You may contact us as follows: dev@teraark.com


----------------------------




# TERMS OF SERVICE

## SPEAKEDI INC. TERMS OF USE
Welcome to https://arkedison.com/main the web site and online platform/service of SpeakEdi Inc. (hereafter “SpeakEdi,” “we,” or “us”). This page explains the terms by which you may use our online services, web site, and software provided on or in connection with the service (hereafter collectively “the Service” or “our Service”). By accessing or using the Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by these Terms of Use (“Terms”) and to the collection and use of your information as set forth in our Privacy Policy https://arkedison.com/main. If you accept or agree to these Terms on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that company or other legal entity to these Terms and, in such event, “you” and “your” will refer and apply to that company or other legal entity. This Agreement applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service (hereafter “Users”).
This agreement contains a mandatory arbitration of disputes provision that requires the use of arbitration on an individual basis to resolve disputes, rather than jury trials or class actions, and also limits the remedies available to you in the event of a dispute.
We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. When we do, we will revise the “last updated” date given above. It is your responsibility to review these Terms frequently and to remain informed of any changes to them. The then-current version of these Terms will supersede all earlier versions. You agree that your continued use of our Services after such changes have been published to our Services will constitute your acceptance of such revised Terms. If you do not agree to any of these terms or any future Terms of Use, do not use or access (or continue to access) the Service.

# USE OF OUR SERVICE
## CREATING AND USING AN ACCOUNT
Your SpeakEdi account gives you access to the services and functionality that we may establish and maintain from time to time at our sole discretion. We may maintain different types of accounts for different types of Users. For example, if you open a SpeakEdi account on behalf of a company, organization, or other entity, then (a) “you” includes you and that entity, and (b) you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of the entity with the authority to bind the entity to this Agreement, and that you agree to this Agreement on the entity’s behalf.
By connecting to SpeakEdi with a third-party service, you give us permission to access and use your information from that service as permitted by that service, and to store your log-in credentials for that service. You may never use another User’s account without permission. When creating your account, you must provide accurate and complete information. You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep your account password secure. We encourage you to use “strong” passwords (passwords that use a combination of upper and lower case letters, numbers and symbols) with your account. You must notify SpeakEdi immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. SpeakEdi will not be liable for any losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account.
## CONTROLLING AN ACCOUNT
You may control your User profile and how you interact with the Service by changing the settings in your Setting page. By providing SpeakEdi your email address you consent to our using of the email address to send you Service-related notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail. We may also use your email address to send you other messages, such as changes to features of the Service and special offers. If you do not want to receive such email messages, you may opt out. Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates, improvements, or offers.
## LICENSE TO USE OUR SERVICES - SPEAKEDI INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Subject to these Terms, we grant to you a limited, personal, non-transferable, freely revocable license to use the Service for your personal, non-commercial use and not for resale or further distribution and only as permitted by the features of the Service. SpeakEdi reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in the Service and the SpeakEdi Content (as defined below). SpeakEdi may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason.
Except for your User Content, the Service and all materials therein, including, without limitation, software, curriculum, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, inventions, discoveries, trade secrets, photographs, audio, videos, music, and User Content belonging to other Users (the “SpeakEdi Content”), and all intellectual property rights related thereto, are the exclusive property of SpeakEdi and its licensors (including other Users who post User Content to the Service). Our Services are protected by applicable intellectual property laws, including South Korean copyright law and international treaties.
Except as otherwise explicitly provided in these Terms or as may be expressly permitted by applicable law, you will not, and will not permit or authorize any third party to: (i) reproduce, modify, translate, enhance, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or create derivative works of any of our Services or SpeakEdi Content; (ii) rent, lease or sublicense access to any of our Services or SpeakEdi Content; or (iii) circumvent or disable any security or technological features or measures of our Services.

## ACCESS TO OUR SERVICES
We do not provide you with the equipment to access our Services. You are responsible for all fees charged by third parties related to your access and use of our Services (e.g., charges by Internet service providers). We reserve the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any portion of our Services without notice. We will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of all or any portion of our Services. We also reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to reject, refuse to post, or remove any of your User Content or any material that you post or submit for posting, and to restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to our Services at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without liability.

## CANCELLATION, RESCHEDULING, TARDINESS 
Lessons scheduled when accessing our Services may only be cancelled or rescheduled with 24 hours advance notice without exceptions. Lessons cancelled after the 24 hour deadline are not eligible for refunds. SpeakEdi is not responsible for the lost time if you are late to class. In case your tutor is late to class, the lost time will be made up by your tutor. https://arkedison.com/main

## FEES FOR THE USE OF OUR SERVICES
Subject to the Terms, our Services are provided to you without charge up to certain limits. Usage over this limit requires your purchase of additional resources or services. The pricing for paid resources and services can be found at the website, as we may update them from time to time (or such URL as we may provide). By using the paid aspects of the Services, you expressly agree to these pricing terms.
For all purchased resources and services, we will charge your credit card, debit card, or other method of payment before providing our Service.Charges are exclusive of taxes. You are solely responsible for (i) paying all taxes and government charges, and (ii) all reasonable expenses and attorneys fees we incur collecting late amounts. To the fullest extent permitted by law, you waive all claims relating to charges unless claimed within 60 days after the charge (this does not affect your credit card issuer rights). Charges are solely based on our measurements of your use of our Services, unless otherwise agreed to in writing.
All information that you provide in connection with a purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with the Service must be accurate, complete, and current. You agree to pay all charges incurred by users of your credit card, debit card, or other payment method used in connection with a purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with the Service at the prices in effect when such charges are incurred.
Nothing in these Terms obligates us to extend credit to you or any third party. You acknowledge and agree that any credit card and related billing and payment information that you provide to us may be shared by us with companies who work on our behalf, such as third-party payment processors and/or credit agencies, solely for the purposes of checking credit, effecting payment to us and servicing your account. We may also provide information in response to valid legal processes, such as subpoenas, search warrants and court orders, or to establish or exercise its legal rights or defend against legal claims. We shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of such information by such third parties. We reserve the right to discontinue the provision of our Services to you for any late payments.
We may change our fees and payment policies for our Services by notifying you at least fifteen (15) days before the day that changes take effect. Changes to the fees or payment policies will be posted on the website (or such other URL we may provide from time to time). By continuing to use the Services after receiving such notice, you agree to any changes to the fees or payment policies.
You may not create multiple accounts to simulate or act as a single account or otherwise access our Services in a manner intended to avoid incurring fees.

## REFUND
You may cancel your SpeakEdi account at any time and SpeakEdi will issue a refund according to the following terms:
1) All refunds are applicable to the portion of the Service that is completely unused (“Unused Service”). For Unused Service, you will get 100% of your money refunded if cancelled within 30 days of purchase and 50% refunded after that point.
2) Unused Service includes lessons that you never scheduled and lessons that you scheduled but cancelled more than 24 hours before the scheduled lesson time.
3) Lessons that took place, lessons that expired, lessons that were cancelled and/or rescheduled less than 24 hours before the scheduled lesson time, lessons that were provided for free, and lessons that you missed or were late for do not count as Unused Service. For all of these lessons, no refunds will be issued.
4) In case you purchased a package with a discount, lessons that took place will be calculated at regular price and be deducted from the total amount of refund.
5) There are no refunds for free classes under any circumstances.
In the event that SpeakEdi suspends or terminates your account or these Terms, you understand and agree that you shall receive no refund or exchange for any unused time on a subscription, any license or subscription fees for any portion of the Service, any content or data associated with your account, or for anything else. Any outstanding balance on your account becomes immediately due and payable upon termination of these Terms for any reason.

## RESTRICTIONS
You must comply with all applicable laws when using our Services. Except as may be expressly permitted by applicable law, or as SpeakEdi may authorize expressly in writing, you will not, and will not permit anyone else to: (i) store, copy, modify, distribute, or resell any of the information; audio, visual, and audiovisual works, or other content made available on our Service or compile or collect any SpeakEdi Content or other Users’ User Content as part of a database or other work; (ii) use any automated tool (e.g., robots, spiders) to access or use our Service or to store, copy, modify, distribute, or resell any SpeakEdi Content or other Users’ User Content ; (iii) rent, lease, or sublicense your access to our Service to another person; (iv) use any Service, SpeakEdi Content or other Users’ User Content for any purpose except for your own personal use; (v) circumvent or disable any digital rights management, usage rules, or other security features of our Service; (vi) use our Service in a manner that overburdens, or that threatens the integrity, performance, or availability of, our Service; (vii) remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices (including copyright and trademark notices) on any portion of our Service, SpeakEdi Content or other Users’ User Content; (viii) transmit spam, chain letters, or other unsolicited email; (ix) use the Service for any commercial solicitation purposes; or (x) impersonate another person or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity, conduct fraud, hide or attempt to hide your identity. Accessing the content available on the Service for any purpose or in any manner other than downloading or Streaming is expressly prohibited. “Streaming” means a contemporaneous digital transmission of an audiovisual work via the Internet from the Service to a User’s device in such a manner that the data is intended for real-time viewing and not intended to be copied, modified, or redistributed by the User.

## PRIVACY POLICY AND SECURITY
We may collect registration and other information about you through our Services. Our collection and use of this information is governed by our Privacy Policy, available at https://arkedison.com/main. We care about the integrity and security of your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat our security measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. You acknowledge that you provide your personal information at your own risk.

## LINKING TO OUR SERVICES
Framing of our Services within or as part of any third-party services, or any other manner of incorporating parts of our Services as part of another Web site or service, is not permitted without our prior written consent.

## USER POSTINGS TO OUR SERVICES
You may have the opportunity to post information and content on the Service. Any content a User submits, posts, displays, or otherwise makes available on the Service, which originates from a particular User, including all intellectual property rights therein, is referred to as that User’s “User Content.” You grant us a perpetual, non- exclusive, fully paid, royalty-free, irrevocable, sublicensable, worldwide license and right to display, use, perform, reproduce, modify, distribute and create derivative works of all such User Content and your name, voice, and/or likeness as contained in the User Content, in whole or in part, in any media, software, or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future, without any obligation to provide attribution or compensation to you or any third party, for use in connection with the Service and SpeakEdi (and its successors’ and affiliates’) business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Service (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. You also hereby grant each User of the Service a non-exclusive license to access your User Content through the Service, and to use, reproduce, distribute, display and perform such User Content as permitted through the functionality of the Service and under these Terms.
By posting or providing any user content, you represent and warrant that public posting and use of your user content by us will not infringe upon or violate the rights of any third party, including without limitation any intellectual property rights, rights or publicity or rights or privacy.

## USE POLICIES AND SERVICE RULES
You are solely responsible for any content and other material that you submit, publish, transmit, or display on, through, or with our Services.
You will not use our Services to: (i) upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any User Content that contains unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; (ii) harm us or third parties in any way; (iii) impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (iv) upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any User Content that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements); (v) upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any User Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other right of any party; (vi) upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other forms of solicitation; (vii) upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (viii) interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Services; (ix) intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law or regulation; (x) “stalk” or otherwise harass another User; or (xi) collect or store personal data about other Users.

## OTHER USERS' USER CONTENT ON THE SERVICE
SpeakEdi takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content that you or any other User or third party posts or sends over the Service. You are solely responsible for your User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing it, and you agree that we are only acting as a passive conduit for your online distribution and publication of your User Content. You understand and agree that you may be exposed to User Content that is inaccurate, objectionable, inappropriate for children, or otherwise unsuited to your purpose, and you agree that SpeakEdi shall not be liable for any damages you allege to incur as a result of User Content.

## THIRD PARTY LINKS
The Service may contain links to third-party websites, advertisers, services, special offers, or other events or activities that are not owned or controlled by SpeakEdi. SpeakEdi does not endorse or assume any responsibility for any such third-party sites, information, materials, products, or services. If you access a third party website from the Service, you do so at your own risk, and you understand that these Terms and our Privacy Policy do not apply to your use of such sites. You expressly relieve SpeakEdi from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website, service, or content. Additionally, your dealings with or participation in promotions of advertisers found on the Service, including payment and delivery of goods, and any other terms (such as warranties) are solely between you and such advertisers. You agree that SpeakEdi shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of any sort relating to your dealings with such advertisers.

## TRADEMARKS
“SpeakEdi,” the SpeakEdi logo, and any other product or service name or slogan displayed on our Services are trademarks of SpeakEdi and its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of SpeakEdi or the applicable trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or any other “hidden text” utilizing “SpeakEdi” or any other name, trademark or product or service name of SpeakEdi without our prior written permission. In addition, the look and feel of our Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the service mark, trademark and/or trade dress of SpeakEdi and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in our Services are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by us.

## FEEDBACK
We may provide you with a mechanism to provide feedback, suggestions, and ideas, if you choose, about our Services (“Feedback”). By submitting any Feedback, you agree that your disclosure is gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction and will not place us under any fiduciary or other obligation, and that we are free to use the Feedback without any additional compensation to you, and/or to disclose the Feedback on a non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone. You further acknowledge that, by acceptance of your submission, SpeakEdi does not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas previously known to SpeakEdi, or developed by its employees, or obtained from sources other than you. You agree that we may, in our sole discretion, use the Feedback you provide to us in any way, including in future enhancements and modifications to our Services. You hereby grant to us and our assigns a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sublicensable, irrevocable, royalty free license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, and display the Feedback in any manner for any purpose, in any media, software, or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future, without any obligation to provide attribution or compensation to you or any third party.

## NON-DISCLOSURE
I agree to not disclose, or otherwise allow or cause the dissemination of any of SpeakEdi Confidential Information to any competitor of SpeakEdi or any other third party unless required by applicable law or a government agency. “Confidential Information” means all information regardless of whether or not explicitly marked as “confidential” that is related to the business activities of SpeakEdi , including but not limited to, marketing, sales strategies, pricing, product development, product sourcing, research products, curriculum and/or teaching materials, software, technology, systems and the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If the disclosure of any of SpeakEdi Confidential Information is required by law, I agree to not make such disclosure until after notifying SpeakEdi of such and obtaining their approval, which will not be unreasonably withheld. Furthermore, I agree that I may not directly or indirectly use any Confidential Information for any purpose other than to satisfy my obligations under this Agreement and will destroy or return all Confidential Information and all copies thereof upon receipt of and in strict accordance with SpeakEdi request and instructions regarding such.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
your use of the services and the service content is at your sole risk. the services and the service content each are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. we and our suppliers and licensors expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. we do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of the services or any service content, and you rely on the services and service content at your own risk. any material that you access or obtain through our services is done at your own discretion and risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer or loss of data that results from the download of any material through our services. no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us or through or from our services will create any warranty not expressly stated in these terms.
speakedi does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by a third party through the service or any hyperlinked website or service, and say will not be a party to or in any way monitor any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services.

## LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
you expressly understand and agree that say will not be liable to me or any third party for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, punitive and/or exemplary damages including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, or any other intangible losses (even if say has been advised of the possibility of such damages), to the fullest extent permissible by law for any dispute or claim between any third party and i or for any other matter in connection with this agreement. i further agree that this limitation applies to all causes of actions under any and all legal theories including, but not limited to, breach of contract, breach of warranty, negligence, and any and all other torts.

## INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold SpeakEdi and its affiliates, officers, directors, agents and employees harmless from and against any and all claims, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) (“Damages”) owed to any third party that is caused by, or arises out of or in connection with any action carried out by me that is not in strict compliance with my duties and obligations under this Agreement, excluding and only to the extent such Damages is or was directly caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of SpeakEdi.

## GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
Both parties acknowledge and agree that (i) this Agreement is governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Korea without regard to its conflict of laws principles, (ii) the Seoul Central District Court of Korea (“Court”) will have exclusive jurisdiction over any and all disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement and (iii) each party hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the Court for all such actions and will not claim any lack of personal jurisdiction by the Court in such event.
all claims must be brought in the parties’ individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding. you agree that, by entering into this agreement, you and say are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action.

## NOTIFICATION PROCEDURES
SpeakEdi may provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email notice, written or hard copy notice, or through posting of such notice on our website, as determined by SpeakEdi in our sole discretion. SpeakEdi reserves the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to our Users, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in these Terms.

## ENTIRE AGREEMENT/SEVERABILITY
These Terms, together with any amendments and any additional agreements you may enter into with SpeakEdi in connection with the Service, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and SpeakEdi concerning the Service. If any provision of these Terms is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which shall remain in full force and effect.

## NO WAIVER
Our failure to enforce any right or provision in these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing. In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect.

# CONTACTING US
If you have any questions or concerns about our Services or these Terms, you may contact us at:
dev@teraark.com

